hi youtube this is j train an 87 over
this time with my review of the
nickelodeon teenage mutant ninja turtles
stealth tech turtles now of course
reviewing all four at once because let's
be honest you want one you want them all
and we might as well go ahead and knock
them all out I was really surprised to
find these guys I'm we had just gotten
the ooze throwing news chucking whatever
they called those version of the turtles
and I my new cockroach Terminator and um
Rat King were coming out I didn't know
they were shipping with a whole nother
set of Turtle figures though so I was
really surprised to find these guys in
stores to know on the back of rat canyon
on cockroach terminators card they
weren't pictured but on back their own
cards they are obviously now I'm not
going to waste too much time reading
each one so I'm going right there if you
like you can pause it and read it
yourself um no other say all that much
about it and of course last but not
least Michelangelo they've all got kind
of a zip line gimmick so other than that
though they'll come with their own kind
of unique action gear which will
beginning to so that being said not too
much to say about the packaging let's
open them up and here we have all four
of the stealth tech Turtles out of the
packaging now before we go into each
turtle each one does come on with a
little zip line it's got two hooks on
either end this little clip in the
center and it's very reminiscent of
beyond GI Joe retaliation zip lines one
into this the other on that and I'm not
even sure there's a good place to have
them clip on I would assume it's more
about level having the turtles hold the
rope or something like that but there's
not a clear place for a zip line on any
of these guys I would think or I guess
you could always feed it to their straps
but that wouldn't work too well either
way the stupid Elijah gimmick is not
what i bought the figures for um now i
really love the design of all these guys
it's definitely definitely really
interesting and different i'm loving how
they've all got a set of night-vision
goggles now let's go on
to Leo first who is over here now he got
his little crossbow which there's no
rule launching to it but the arrow does
come out like that strange they didn't
find some way to work the zip line
feature into that all the turtles night
vision goggles are well yeah they're
permanently attached go up and down just
fine and they're all a little bit
different which is really nice leo of
course got his zip line accessory his
crossbow his backpack by sheaths with
both of his katana which are very nice
they got a little bit of chipping and
notching little serrated age serrated
edge excuse me I can't haul today back
here and you know if you wanted to that
would fit in his hand just fine hand her
a little bit tight on this figure but
that's actually a good thing that means
that i'm going to wear down over time so
as far as his articulation of course he
has the ball jointed shoulder elbow is
of course on i'll join it as well just
not a sheath stuff is back although also
spins no wrist me i'm just not going to
crap off of this guy i mean it's
ridiculous no wrist movement all legs of
course also on a ball joint go out knee
joint down here fins and spins no ankle
movement so um not well i will get to
cut the standard for the original
turtles got so it's nice to see another
you know variation of the turtles
getting as much love as the first ones
because those whose chuck and turtles
were very under articulated but getting
a Leo fixed up here and let's move on to
the next turtle which is going to be
wrath now I wasn't quite sure what this
was when I first saw in the packaging on
it does on the back this is a battering
ram kind of a very futuristic looking
battering ram if you ask me but
definitely nice um now there I really
loved fat he can hold it with both hands
because it's little things like that toy
lines usually you know although if they
can hold with both hands and then it's
just an absolute pain and end up not
being able to with a figure and it
really let you down this there's a lot
of nice pose as you can get him in on
with both hands on this thing and you
know one-handed it works either way it's
very nice so on the back here you can
see that they do also have weapons
storage for him and I really love that a
word that in it's not just like oh
here's some extra accessories that
you're going to throw in a drawer and
lose of course same flat black pretty
much the original size you got just
reissue which I don't have a problem
with he's got this extra piece on his
back not a hundred percent sure what
this thing is supposed to be but problem
his night vision goggles once again
currently attached but up and down just
fine really surprised those aren't more
fragile so I'm happy about that his
articulations the exact same as Leo so
no point going over it again and that
being said let's move on to the next one
which is Mikey now I'm this is really
realized that the stealth tech turtles
were basically a SWAT team of turtles
because his stealth accessory is a
loudspeaker when I first saw it in the
packaging I thought this was just some
sort of like listening device but no it
goes into debt on the bank calls like a
voice amplification device or something
basically a loudspeaker so I don't see
why you would give the silliest honestly
kind of craziest turtle on the team
allowed to be here but oh well um it is
a nice enough accessory but it does have
this hard plastic rope on it that's
supposed to plug in right here and it
limits a lot of the poses you can do
with this because it doesn't have a
whole lot of give but still a nice
little accessory once again a lot of
nice detail they didn't get paint um now
Mikey did come a little bit scuffed out
of the packaging you can see there some
of the paint's kind of scraped off of
him so you might want to double-check
yours in the packaging that's a big deal
how much again his goggles it's got a
little headset on his which I really
like kind of clips his lip going up but
nothing too bad um Sam weapon storage
for his nunchuck on the back here and
once again Sam articulation so no point
going over it again and let's move on to
the final turtle which is of course
Donatella now Donatello doesn't come
with a whole lot of stuff that you can
hold he comes with this kind of it looks
almost like a bomb disarming robot but
it's a little surveillance robot it's
got articulation and the camera up here
it's on a little ball joint and also
this little mount spins
and again a lot of nice unpainted detail
and he also comes with where do I put
this thing go away you guys don't know
what this is supposed to do um I can't
really see any way it works with a
zipline I don't see any way with a
connecting to the robot I just don't
know what this is and I trashed the
packaging so I can't go back and read it
so who knows but one of you guys can
tell me if you want of course same web
storage which again this is just the
original weapon painted black for the
stealth scheme um I do like how each one
of them kind of berries up the way they
have their gear home it is pretty much
the same gear you know call a rope a
little shell phone you know different
stuff like that and once again goggles
are very nice on him my I think it's a
little nice little touch they didn't
just shoot bad on the girls and say oh
we're going to give each term the same
one so you know I don't know what this
exactly is for it's like right accessory
let's move on to a final thoughts on the
set so at the time of making this video
I found the stealth tech turtles in both
of my local Toys R Us is along with rat
King and cockroach terminator which I've
also done reviews up now if you home
these are definitely really interesting
turtles I'm glad they didn't do the same
thing to you chuck and ones did and just
sacrifice all the articulation for us
stupid gimmick um I think each one of
these is really interesting they've all
got their own little quirks and again at
the end of the day the main reason I'm
buying these is because it has so much
of a nostalgia fat you know factor for
me back when I was a kid buying the
old-school Turtles figures and i bought
the monster rendition and the cowboy
rendition and you know just so many
different ones so i can see why you know
to a person who has no attachment to the
turtles these figures aren't that
amazing but to me a nostalgic collector
at eight ninety nine apiece these are
must stones and that being said this is
j train 1987 and i'll see you soon you
too